[Autogenerated] hello and welcome to this final module in the course
about machine learning on AWS IT memories Wilson.
We've covered a lot of content in this course,
and we finally made it to the end.
Congratulations in this module all summarize.
These important points to remember for the exam give you some additional
resource is if you want to dig deeper and you definitely should.
This course alone is not enough to pass the exam,
and then I'll wrap up by bidding UI do if you haven't already just one
final reminder to delete the resource is you've used.
If you've been following along with the demos,
you'll have an S3 bucket, a sage maker endpoint,
an application and a Jupyter notebook kernel and instance which
you can stop Pluralsight age maker studio.
During this course, we built out a definition of machine learning,
saying that it identifies patterns and existing data
to make predictions about new data.
I won't rehash this entire slide,
but you'll definitely need to be familiar with these different categories of
machine learning problems and some common examples for each No,
that features are your columns.
Observations are the rows and the thing you're trying to
predict is the target in the input data.
That final column is also called the Label.
We walk through the machine learning process,
and although you probably won't get questions about the overall lifecycle,
let's walk through some of the main points for each phase.
For the fetch stage.
Know the basics about batch processing,
where we touched on three different services Data pipeline
database migration service or GMs and AWS glue.
Anything related to streaming is going to be the can.
Is is family of services.
So data streams, data, firehose, data analytics and video streams.
No, the differences between them and what they're used for.
And finally we talked about Amazon Am our Athena and Red GIF spectrum.
M R is used for working with a massive amount of data in a distributed way,
and Athena and Red Shift Spectrum are both used for SQL queries on your data.
But unless you're already using Red shift,
Athena is the way to go in the cleaning and preparing phase.
Understand some common ways to handle missing values,
outliers, formatting and scale.
Be familiar with some of the common visualizations we covered.
Scatter Plot Correlation, Matrix histogram and box plots.
No that feature engineering is all about adding,
removing or combining features to give your model more predictive power.
This also includes the step of encoding.
So taking categorical data, for instance, and changing it to numeric data.
And for AWS services,
ground truth can be used to help with labeling the data for terminology.
Make sure you understand that nominal means order does not matter,
and for ordinal, order does matter.
And you'll definitely need to be familiar with how one
hot encoding works on this slide.
Shows an example of that for the training and evaluation phases ID
strongly suggest going out to the developer guide and working through
that whole list of algorithms out there.
No, generally, what they're used for and how they work for data splitting.
Know that you want to set of data for training, validation and testing.
The split could be 70 2010 like we used in the course,
but there's other valid ways to split is,
well, no steps to create a model in sage maker and for evaluation.
The goal here is to have the model generalize not over fit or under fit,
know how to identify and prevent over fitting and under
fitting for hyper parameter tuning.
Remember, these are the knobs that you can use to tune the algorithms behavior,
and all those details are in the developer guide confusion matrix.
You'll definitely be asked about this one.
So make sure you know how to fill out The Matrix with your true positives,
your true negatives and so forth and for accuracy,
precision and recall.
You'll need to memorize those formulas and know how to
calculate the scores for deploying and monitoring.
Know that architecture and security best practices applying machine learning
just like they do everywhere else for deploying a model.
No,
that you first need to create your endpoint configuration and then the actual
endpoint and for monitoring the two services to know about. Here are CloudWatch and CloudTrail.